I think I’m going to be sick!
No, no, NOOOOOOOOOO!
What, what, what?!
Ginger, will you be quiet, please?
We’re trying to watch Most Extreme
Romantic Ask-Outs.
Yeah, you’re ruining the most extreme romantic
part.
This garage was a much better place before
it was filled with disgusting romance.
Okay, I’ll telecommunicate with you later,
my darling Zee.
Digital-kiss.
So disgusting...
Angela?!
I haven’t seen you since you and Tom...
Uh, on the video...
Well…
So what brings you here?
I was actually hoping to talk to Tom.
Have you seen him around?
No, sorry.
I haven't seen him…
That's weird…
Well, at least I got to watch Extreme Romantic
Ask-Outs.
I love those things.
Anyway, if you see Tom, will you tell him
came by?
I’ll just throw my scalding hot tea in this
trash can and be on my way.
Tom?
Oh hey, Angela, what brings you kiss-- Here!
I mean here.
Disgusting…
What were you doing in the waste receptacle?
I wasn’t hiding to avoid Angela, if that’s
what you’re asking.
Disgusting--
Quit saying that!
Well, it is!
Sorry about these guys.
Did you want to talk to me about something?
As a matter of fact, I do.
Start with small talk.
Hey, Tom.
Did you hear about that new movie that came out?
Sounds like some
people liked it and some people did not like it.
Also, it seems like things have been a little
weird since we found out we kissed...
And I was hoping we could talk so things get
un-weird.
Right.
Talk.
Yeah, I agree!
Really?
What a relief.
Okay, 'cause here's what I was thinking--
What?!
Not now!
We shouldn’t talk now...
Why?
Well, because we both have things to do now.
Oh, okay, I guess.
So when can we have a talk?
I don’t know.
In an hour?
Yeah, in an hour.
At, uh, the diner?
Perfect, it’s a date!
Yeah, like a date on the calendar, right?
I mean... Because every day is a date…
Okay…
Bye!
That was close.
Oh man, I just bought myself a sweet hour.
Actually you bought yourself…
Fifty-eight minutes until you’ll be at the
diner asking Angela out on a date.
A date?!
She said she wants to talk.
Come on, Tom.
Think for a second and you’ll easily decode
Angela’s signals.
Extreme romantic ask-outs…
I love those things…
Date.
Ask-out.
It’s a Daaaate.
You’re right, Ben!
Angela wants me to ask her out on a date!
And I only have fifty-eight minutes to figure
out how to do it!
More like forty-eight minutes.
That was a whole flashback, Tom.
And you better do it right because if there’s
one thing I learned from Most Extreme Romantic Ask-Outs
it’s that the ask-out sets the tone for
the whole relationship.
Okay…
Can I watch one?
You can watch them all.
I’ve got the whole series.
Oh yeah!
Nice going, Romeo!
Well, that's the best one yet.
Okay, so the most successful ask-outs involve
manned flight, a song comparing the relationship
to something beautiful, and or flowers.
Seems like a lot…
Well, how much do you like Angela?
Like a lot a lot.
Alright!
Let's do this.
Honey, are you gonna order yet or you just still warming that bench?
Just a few more minutes.
I’m waiting for someone.
Oh.
You’re one of those.
No, no, I’m not one of those.
I’m a girl waiting for the guy I like to
definitely show up and tell me that he likes
me too.
Honey, I’ve seen this before.
Someone comes in, they order dinner for two,
and they leave alone with a doggy bag.
You’re making that up.
Right?
I don’t know, maybe I’m wrong.
I’m sure he’s been real clear about how
he feels.
Avoid Angela --
A date... on a calendar.
Oh no.
Rhonda, what if you’re right?
I’m always right, Angelica.
And…
There!
Your disgusting extreme romantic ask-out device
is ready to go.
Angela’s going to love this so much, she
probably won’t even care that you’re so late.
Late?
Look how late I am!
Why didn’t somebody tell me?
Ooh, what do you think this does?
I don’t know what I expected.
Maybe when our minds were erased, his feelings
for me were erased too.
That is a confusing thing to say.
How could Tom stand me up like this?
I have so many sad feelings right now.
It’s like my heart’s on an elevator that’s
going down and Tom pressed all the buttons.
Wouldn’t that stop the elevator?
Can it, Rhonda!
And I’m done sitting here and waiting around
for him.
You go, girl.
I will go girl!
I don’t need no date
‘Cause I got me!
You left me at a diner
But baby, now I’m free
You think you can stand me up
You think you can make me wait
But I got me, babe
So I don’t need no date!
Yeah!
Yay!
Oh, yay, you're still here.
Angela, I hope that you’re prepared for
the most extreme--
Oh, I’m prepared, Tom.
Prepared to leave.
Angela, wait!
Are we changing the location of our talk?
Here.
She left this for you.
What is it, a letter explaining why she just
walked out the door?
It’s a bill for all the food she ate waiting
for you.
Also, she bought food for everyone else in
the diner.
What?
Why would she do that?
Hey, that's the jerk from the song!
Get him!
How did the ask-out go?
Did the thrusters compensate for the extra
rose density?
Well…
I wouldn’t be surprised if Angela never
speaks to me again.
Okay Tom, we can still save this extreme ask-out.
It’s gonna be tough, but with one elephant--
No, Hank.
I’m giving up on extreme ask-outs.
For now I’m just wandering around town looking
for Angela at all the sad places.
Okay.
Where are you now?
I’m at the saddest part of the park where
the ducks don’t even go.
And I don't see her here either.
Okay, Tom, here’s the plan.
We’ve got to create a grid so we can --
Hold on.
I’ll call you back.
Wait!
If I could get a status--
Hi, Angela.
I am not talking to you.
I don’t blame you.
I can’t believe you left me waiting like
that!
I’m so glad you’re talking to me again.
No, I’m not.
Okay.
Stupid extreme ask-out show.
Is this why you were late?
You were setting up an extreme ask-out?
For me?
Well, yeah…
And I wanted to do it right…
But then I lost track of time, and...
I’m sorry.
Wow, Tom.
Ever since we saw that stupid video of that
kiss, it’s been making everything weird.
I wish we could go back to the way it was
before.
You mean when we liked each other but we never
talked about it?
Exactly!
I know how to do that.
It was so much easier pretending we were just
friends.
You know, there’s a carnival in town this
Saturday...
I’m sure Ben, Hank and Ginger want to go...
Why don’t you come with us?
No dating pressure making it weird...
Just a group of friends doing something fun
together.
Sure, Tom.
It’s a date -- but not a date date!
Right.
Not a date date.
More like a friend event.
Yes, a friend event.
I think we really figured this out.
Me too, Tom.
Are you still watching Most Extreme Romantic
Ask-Outs?
Nope.
Most Embarrassing Ask-Out Flame-Outs.
They make a nice--
Wow!
You never think it’s your hot air balloon
that’ll get popped.
At least they're... together.
Do you know which button never gets stuck?
The subscribe button!
Try it!
'Sup Angela?
- We can totally still go out on a --
- A date?
Not a date!
Oh yeah! Oh yeah!
Good save, Hank!